README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋

You might know me from the L4T-Megascript, Switchroot, or Botspot Software discord servers. I am a Linux enthusiast with a special love for ARM hardware (like my Nintendo Switch).

I found that Linux software support was very good for ARMhf/ARM64 in the official OS repositories (eg: apt under debian/ubuntu, and dnf on fedora) but was lacking on other open source projects that are not in OS repositories. You can find a few of my ARMhf/ARM64 porting projects linked below for software that I wanted to run but wasn't available. Many of theses applications/programs are available through the [L4T-Megascript](https://github.com/cobalt2727/L4T-Megascript) and/or [Pi-Apps](https://github.com/Botspot/pi-apps):

- [Github Desktop](https://github.com/Pi-Apps-Coders/files/tree/large-files) - Github Desktop is a GUI git client. Compiled for ARM32/ARM64
- [Nintendo Switch RetroPie Binaries](https://github.com/theofficialgman/RetroPie-Binaries) - Automatically built and hosted binaries for common libretro emulators to make installing RetroPie on Switch faster
- [L4T-Megascript](https://github.com/cobalt2727/L4T-Megascript) - All-in-one installer and updater for popular programs on [L4T Ubuntu](https://wiki.switchroot.org/en/Linux/Ubuntu-Install-Guide) with no prior knowledge of Linux needed
- [Pi-Apps](https://github.com/Botspot/pi-apps) - Raspberry Pi App Store for Open Source Projects
- [Minecraft Java GDLauncher](https://github.com/Pi-Apps-Coders/files/releases/tag/large-files) - A simple, yet powerful Minecraft launcher with a strong focus on the user experience. Ported to ARM32/ARM64
- [Minecraft Java ARM32 Manifest](https://github.com/theofficialgman/piston-meta-arm32) - An alternative to the official Minecraft manifest with ARM32 Linux support.
- [Minecraft Java ARM64 Manifest](https://github.com/theofficialgman/piston-meta-arm64) - An alternative to the official Minecraft manifest with ARM64 Linux support.
- [Minecraft Java MultiMC Meta Repo](https://github.com/theofficialgman/meta-multimc) - An alternative to the MultiMC manifest with ARM32/ARM64 Linux support.

Commit message:

add Prism Launcher to README

README.md, after:

### Hi there 👋

You might know me from the L4T-Megascript, Switchroot, or Botspot Software discord servers. I am a Linux enthusiast with a special love for ARM hardware (like my Nintendo Switch).

I found that Linux software support was very good for ARMhf/ARM64 in the official OS repositories (eg: apt under debian/ubuntu, and dnf on fedora) but was lacking on other open source projects that are not in OS repositories. You can find a few of my ARMhf/ARM64 porting projects linked below for software that I wanted to run but wasn't available. Many of theses applications/programs are available through the [L4T-Megascript](https://github.com/cobalt2727/L4T-Megascript) and/or [Pi-Apps](https://github.com/Botspot/pi-apps):

- [Github Desktop](https://github.com/Pi-Apps-Coders/files/tree/large-files) - Github Desktop is a GUI git client. Compiled for ARM32/ARM64
- [Nintendo Switch RetroPie Binaries](https://github.com/theofficialgman/RetroPie-Binaries) - Automatically built and hosted binaries for common libretro emulators to make installing RetroPie on Switch faster
- [L4T-Megascript](https://github.com/cobalt2727/L4T-Megascript) - All-in-one installer and updater for popular programs on [L4T Ubuntu](https://wiki.switchroot.org/en/Linux/Ubuntu-Install-Guide) with no prior knowledge of Linux needed
- [Pi-Apps](https://github.com/Botspot/pi-apps) - Raspberry Pi App Store for Open Source Projects
- [Minecraft Java GDLauncher](https://github.com/Pi-Apps-Coders/files/releases/tag/large-files) - A simple, yet powerful Minecraft launcher with a strong focus on the user experience. Ported to ARM32/ARM64
- [Minecraft Java Prism Launcher](https://github.com/Pi-Apps-Coders/files/releases/tag/large-files) - An Open Source Minecraft launcher with the ability to manage multiple instances, accounts and mods. Focused on user freedom and free redistributability. Provides DEBs for Bionic/Buster and newer distros. Added ARM32/ARM64 to meta repo.
- [Minecraft Java ARM32 Manifest](https://github.com/theofficialgman/piston-meta-arm32) - An alternative to the official Minecraft manifest with ARM32 Linux support.
- [Minecraft Java ARM64 Manifest](https://github.com/theofficialgman/piston-meta-arm64) - An alternative to the official Minecraft manifest with ARM64 Linux support.
- [Minecraft Java MultiMC Meta Repo](https://github.com/theofficialgman/meta-multimc) - An alternative to the MultiMC manifest with ARM32/ARM64 Linux support.
